engine: The davinci-codex engine is designed for code generation and is the most powerful engine available for this type of task.
prompt: The prompt is a clear and concise description of the problem we want to solve. It's important to phrase the prompt in a way that GPT-3 can understand and provide an accurate response.
max_tokens: The max_tokens parameter controls the maximum length of the generated text in tokens (words or punctuation marks). In this example, we set it to 1024 to allow for longer code samples.
n: The n parameter specifies how many responses we want to generate. In this example, we set it to 1 to get a single Python function as the output.
stop: The stop parameter is used to specify a sequence of tokens at which the API should stop generating text. In this example, we set it to None to allow the API to generate the entire function.
temperature: The temperature parameter controls the creativity or randomness of the generated text. In this example, we set it to 0.5 to balance creativity with fidelity to the prompt.
frequency_penalty: The frequency_penalty parameter can be used to discourage the API from repeating the same phrases or patterns in the generated text. In this example, we set it to 0 to allow for some repetition.
presence_penalty: The presence_penalty parameter can be used to discourage the API from generating text that doesn't match the prompt. In this example, we set it to 0 to allow for more creativity in the generated code.
model: The model parameter specifies the name of the language model we want to use. In this example, we're using the text-davinci-002 model, which is a variant of the davinci model optimized for natural language tasks.



According to the OpenAI API documentation, the following arguments are permitted for the openai.Image.create() function:

prompt (required): the prompt to use for generating the image(s)
n: the number of images to generate (default=1)
size: the size of the generated image(s), specified as a string in the format widthxheight (default="512x512")
model: the ID of the GPT model to use for generating the image(s)
response_format: the format of the response ("url" or "data")
background_color: the background color of the image(s), specified as a string in hex format (default="#ffffff")
foreground_color: the foreground color of the image(s), specified as a string in hex format (default="#000000")
format: the format of the generated image(s) ("png" or "jpeg", default="png")
quality: the quality of the generated image(s) (0-100, default=90)
width: the width of the generated image(s) in pixels (default=None)
height: the height of the generated image(s) in pixels (default=None)
create_coherent_video: whether to create a coherent video using the generated images (default=False)
fps: the frame rate of the coherent video (default=30)
output_directory: the directory to save the generated images or coherent video (default=None)
prefix: a prefix for the file names of the generated images or coherent video (default=None)
suffix: a suffix for the file names of the generated images or coherent video (default=None)
timeout: the number of seconds to wait for a response from the API (default=60)